Update code samples (#85322)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-creating-a-s2i-build.adoc

spec:
  source: <1>
    type: Git
    type: Git
        git:

>           url: https://github.com/redhat-openshift-builds/samples/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          url: https://github.com/redhat-openshift-builds/samples
```

.Example: Using `shp` CLI
[source,terminal]
----
$ shp build run s2i-nodejs-build --follow <1>
$ shp build run s2i-nodejs-build --follow
----

> <1> Optional: By using the `--follow` flag, you can view the build logs in the output result.

Reviewer 2: See the comment above. A code callout is the way to describe the flag here. Also, you specified that flag is optional above. That makes sense. I recommend keeping it optional here for consistency.

> . Check if the `BuildRun` resource is created by using one of the CLIs:

Reviewer 2: This is out-of-scope for this review, but it is worth fixing in the future. When you do fix this, it's best to sweep your documentation set and fix all the places where this is used.

```suggestion
. Check if the `BuildRun` resource is created by running one of the following commands:
```
